Remove a redundant settings reference page (#3140)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/configuration-settings.adoc

m|+++3+++
|===

> For example, `dbms.cluster.minimum_initial_system_primaries_count=3` specifies that the cluster is considered bootstrapped and the DBMS online when at least 3 `system` database primaries have discovered one another.

Author: ```suggestion
`dbms.cluster.minimum_initial_system_primaries_count` defines the minimum number of servers initially required to form the cluster.
Reaching this threshold allows members to discover each other, but it does not guarantee that the DBMS is online or that the `system` databases are in the `STARTED` state.
```

> For details, see xref:clustering/setup/deploy.adoc[].

Reviewer: So `dbms.cluster.minimum_initial_system_primaries_count` is the ,inimum number of machines initially required to form a cluster, i.e., the members have discovered each other. This doesn't _necessarily_ mean the DBMS is online, i.e.,  all `system` databases are in state `STARTED`.

m|+++:6000+++
|===

> The address/port setting that specifies where the server advertises it listens for requests for transactions in the transaction-shipping catch-up protocol.

Reviewer: I think this sentence can be reworked. This port is used also for discovery service communication as well as the catchup protocol.

> The address/port setting that specifies where the server advertises it listens for requests for transactions in the transaction-shipping catch-up protocol.

Author: ```suggestion
This address/port setting specifies the location where the server advertises its availability for discovery service communication as well as transaction-shipping catch-up requests.
```

m|+++:6000+++
|===

This address/port setting specifies the location where the server advertises its availability for discovery service communication as well as transaction-shipping catch-up requests.

> For example,`server.cluster.advertised_address=192.168.33.20:6001` listens for transactions from cluster members on the network interface bound to `192.168.33.20` on port `6001`.

Author: ```suggestion
For example,`server.cluster.advertised_address=192.168.33.20:6001` listens for cluster communication on the network interface bound to `192.168.33.20` on port `6001`.
```

m|+++:6000+++
|===

The address/port setting that specifies which network interface and port the Neo4j server binds to for cluster communication.
This setting must be set in coordination with the address this server advertises it listens at in the setting `server.cluster.advertised_address`.

For example, `server.cluster.listen_address=0.0.0.0:6001` listens for cluster communication on any network interface at port `6001`.

> For details, see xref:configuration/ports.adoc#_cluster[Configuration -> Ports].

Reviewer: Is this a duplication of lines 955-957?

Author: No, they are different.
Line 955 says: The address/port setting that specifies where the server advertises it listens for requests for transactions in the transaction-shipping catch-up protocol. 

Lines 1022-1023 say: The address/port setting that specifies which network interface and port the Neo4j server binds to for cluster communication.
This setting must be set in coordination with the address this server advertises it listens at in the setting `server.cluster.advertised_address`.

The examples show:
`server.cluster.advertised_address=192.168.33.20:6001` - line 957

`server.cluster.listen_address=0.0.0.0:6001` - line 1025

Reviewer: Ok I think my confusion came from one talking about the catchup protocol and the other general cluster communications. I think both should say cluster communication.

[frame="topbot", stripes=odd, grid="cols", cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Description
a|Users must manually specify the mode for the `system` database on each server.
|Valid values
a|One of [PRIMARY, SECONDARY].
|Default value
m|+++PRIMARY+++
|===

Every cluster member hosts the `system` database.
This setting controls which mode a given server hosts the `system` database in: `PRIMARY` or `SECONDARY`.

For example, `server.cluster.system_database_mode=SECONDARY` means that this server holds only a secondary copy of the `system` database.

> There should be a relatively high number (5-7) of `system` primaries, spread across servers.

Reviewer: Where is this recommendation derived from? Normally I'd say 3 and 5, 7 feels high.

Author: I just copied info from the deleted file _settings.adoc_. See line 33 in the _settings.adoc_

Reviewer: I'll double check with the team on this one and get back to you.

Reviewer: So we chatted about this at standup. My initial reservations came from the fact that this sentence can imply anything less than 5 is _bad_ when in fact lots of deployments are less than 5 servers (everything we run in Aura) and this is totally fine, you just have less fault tolerance. I wonder if we can reframe this to suggest more: if you do have a large cluster than increasing the number of system primaries up to 7 can improve the resiliency/fault tolerance of your DBMS.

[frame="topbot", stripes=odd, grid="cols", cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Description
a|Users must manually specify the mode for the `system` database on each server.
|Valid values
a|One of [PRIMARY, SECONDARY].
|Default value
m|+++PRIMARY+++
|===

Every cluster member hosts the `system` database.
This setting controls which mode a given server hosts the `system` database in: `PRIMARY` or `SECONDARY`.

For example, `server.cluster.system_database_mode=SECONDARY` means that this server holds only a secondary copy of the `system` database.

> There should be a relatively high number (5-7) of `system` primaries, spread across servers.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have a large cluster, then increasing the number of `system` primaries up to seven can improve the resiliency of your DBMS.
```
